Rename export of the Model class. (#15662)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/updating/update-to-41.md

Some exports names were changed due to possibility of name conflicts:

* We renamed the export of `View` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine` package to `EditingView`,
* We renamed the export of `Model` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-ui` package to `ViewModel`,
* We renamed the export of `UploadAdapter` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-adapter-ckfinder` package to `CKFinderUploadAdapter`,
* We renamed the interface export of `Position` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-utils` package to `DomPoint`,

> * We moved the `findOptimalInsertionRange` function to the `Schema` class as a method within the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine` package (exported function of the same name from the ``@ckeditor/ckeditor5-widget` package still stays as it is and should be used while creating features and widgets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We moved the `findOptimalInsertionRange` function to the `Schema` class as a method within the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine` package (exported function of the same name from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-widget` package remains unchanged and should be used while creating features and widgets).
```

Some exports names were changed due to possibility of name conflicts:

* We renamed the default export of `View` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine` package to `EditingView`,
* We renamed the default export of `Model` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-ui` package to `ViewModel`,

> * We renamed the default export of `UploadAdapter` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-adapter-ckfinder` package to `CKFinderUploadAdapter`,

Author: Addressed in 260999d.

* We renamed the interface export of `Position` from the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-utils` package to `DomPoint`,

> * We moved the `findOptimalInsertionRange` function to the `Schema` class as a method within the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-engine` package.

Reviewer 2: Here I'd mention that the same function exported from the widget package is still as it was and integrators should use it while creating features and widgets.

Author: Addressed in 260999d.
